Links: ASP .NET Core (2021-02) (#21575)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/build-a-blazor-app.md

   Save the `Shared/NavMenu.razor` file.

> 1. Build and run the app by executing the [`dotnet watch run`](./dotnet-watch.md) command in the command shell from the `TodoList` folder. After the app is running, visit the new Todo page by selecting the **`Todo`** link in the app's navigation bar, which loads the page at `/todo`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build and run the app by executing the [`dotnet watch run`](xref:tutorials/dotnet-watch) command in the command shell from the `TodoList` folder. After the app is running, visit the new Todo page by selecting the **`Todo`** link in the app's navigation bar, which loads the page at `/todo`.
```
